Pink bill privacy policy

Pink bill respects and protects the privacy of all users of this service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, pink bill will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But pink bill will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, pink bill will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. Pink bill will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the use agreement of pink bill service, you shall be deemed to have agreed to all contents of this privacy policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the pink bill service use agreement.

1. Use of information
a) Pink bill will not privately store or provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party.
b) Pink bill also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or freely disseminate your personal information by any means. If any pink bill user engages in the above activities, once found, pink bill has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
c) For the purpose of serving users, pink bill provides data offline storage function. All your data will only be stored in your local mobile phone and your personal icloud cloud disk. Pink bill promises not to access or store your personal information data privately.

2. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, pink bill will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal wishes or legal provisions:
a) Pink bill will not disclose your information to an untrusted third party;
b) According to the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial organs, disclose to the third party or the administrative or judicial organs;
c) If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the pink bill service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party;
d) Other disclosures that pink bill considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

3. Information security
a) Pink bill has a password lock screen function. You can set a gesture password. You can use the face ID or touch ID of the system to protect your app from being accessed by others. Please keep your user name and password properly.

4. Changes to this Privacy Policy
a) If we decide to change the privacy policy, we will publish these changes in this policy, on our website and in places we think appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and under what circumstances we will disclose it.
b) The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If there is any significant change to this policy, we will inform you through the website.

Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of the app, please contact the customer service of the app immediately so that the app can take corresponding measures.
